++ Gareth Black

Captain and owner of the [Daring Damsel].

Born to a whore in a brothel, Gareth never learned the identity of his father, who is assumed to be a nobleman of medium to high rank, based on the clientele of the Ruby Rose. He learned swordplay, tactics, reading, and art from the ladies (and the guests) of the brothel. When he was eight, his mother died. When he was twelve, the owner threw him out of the Ruby Rose when he started puberty and she didn't want him starting anything with the girls.

On the streets, Gareth expanded his “education” by learning to steal, fence stolen goods, lie, con, and generally stay one step ahead of the law.

When the First Grand War erupted, he was 16. He was pressed into the Navy as a crewman. He moved up through the ranks, eventually receiving a battlefield commission. The first war ended with an uneasy truce, leaving Gareth unemployed at the age of 22.

He became a bodyguard/sword-for-hire for the next four years until tensions began to mount between Dontaria and Tarnos. A former commanding officer found Gareth and got his him reinstated as an officer. This time, he was the first officer of a blockade runner, the Brazen Bitch. The commander was a hard, cruel man that drove the crew hard, but won scores of battles.

Finally, the commander died in battle (mysterious circumstances), putting Gareth in command. The ship and crew performed admirably for several months before Gareth could put the ship in for a new commander. Gareth was formally promoted and his for the remainder of the war.

The final battle saw the end of the entire crew. When they emerged, all that was left was a bloodied and battered Bitch, Gareth, and an odd automaton, Will Irons.

The Bitch was slated for the scrap heap and Gareth was awarded prize money for capturing various airships and cargo. As he was the only survivor, he didn't have to split the money between his crew. He used most of the funds to purchase the Bitch and repair her. She was rechristened the Daring Damsel. Gareth kept Will on as the first officer. He keeps the ship afloat as a living memorial to his friends and former crew.

Seeing her abilities repairing the Damsel, Gareth offered the chief engineer post to a young dwarf woman, [Rix Stonebreaker].

He spends his time moving from place to place seeking jobs and staying afloat.

[icon: man]