++ Plots

+++ Up a Creek

++++ Act One 

The crew of the Damsel are hired to bring supplies and workers into a remote jungle mining camp. They are also tasked with bringing the daughter of a hermit scientist to his remote research station (near the camp).

++++ Act Two

Along the way, the ship is attacked and her engines are fouled. Opting not to stay still while they repair them, they set the Damsel into the river and use it to propel them downstream to their destination. The heat and constant attacks start to cause tensions to mount and tempers to flare as Rix tries desperately to fix the engines. Will tries to keep people calm, but his neutrality only pisses people off.

They find the mining camp overrun and the occupants killed. Gareth leaves Will and Rix to repair the ship, while he seeks out the hermit researcher. He takes along a few of the workers seeing as he doesn't want to leave them with his ship, lest they get any bright ideas that they'll take it.

Into the jungle, things go from bad to worse as the daughter's bodyguard abandons them in the night, taking their map and key equipment. A day later, hulking alchemical beasts capture them and take them to the researcher. He's been mutating and altering jungle beasts for research. He has some "patron" that is funding him, but the old man has clearly lost his mind. The daughter is horrified, but comes along.

Meanwhile, some of the more troublesome workers have hatched a plot to steal the Damsel and get out of the jungle while they can. Their coup is nearly successful until another attack sends them scattering into the jungle. Now Rix and Will have to repair the ship while keeping an eye out for the would-be pirates. Will is fine, but the long hours are wearing on Rix's mind and body.

Gareth and company are led off to the lab where he's separated from the rest of the team. The pair of workers that are with him are "altered" by the researcher into mindless automatons. His daughter has informed him of Will, an automaton unlike any she's ever seen. Gareth is now desperate to get free to save himself as well as his first officer.

Rix and Will have managed to keep their attackers at bay just long enough for something horrific and deadly to come out of the jungle and kill all their attackers. It's dark, so they can't see what it is, but they do manage to engage the ship's lift bladders to increase elevation to stay away from whatever it is.

With the help of the daughter, Gareth escapes, but not before tumbling with a modified version of the bodyguard. One of the modified workers breaks his conditioning and steps in to halt the brute, giving Gareth enough time to flee into the jungle, though it cost the worker his life. It's now a mad dash through the jungle for Gareth to find the Damsel and then get back to save the daughter.

He breaks through the jungle and finds the Damsel (now conveniently high enough to be seen by him and everyone). In the mining camp clearing, he sprints for the ship, waving her down. Rix and Will wave him back into the jungle. Before he can make out what they're saying, a huge, alchemically mutated tiger bursts from the jungle. It's twice normal size and has armored plates surgically attached to it. And it's permanently pissed off.

While Will and Rix attempt to shoot the beast, Gareth just managed to stay five feet ahead of the thing. Rix raids the mining gear they are carrying and finds dynamite. Unfortunately, she can't use it while they're on the run.

Gareth manages to put the tiger down by creating a cave-in the nearby mine with the help of Will. They are then confronted by the bodyguard holding Rix hostage. She's freaking out as the man now resembles a huge spider. While they talk, Rix manages to shove a stick of dynamite into the man's undercarriage and lights it. "Too. Many. Legs."

When they return to the lab, they find it cleared out. Gareth decides to strip the place of anything valuable and then use the remainder of the dynamite to blow the place to bits.

In an epilogue, the mine owner is less-than-pleased that his men are dead and his mine is collapsed. He demands the that the Damsel run back up and deliver repair crews as they failed their mission. Gareth reminds him that he did, in fact take them up to the mining camp, just that they died after that fact. As it stands, the whole job has been a loss for the crew (with repairs). As they leave, a courier drops a package for the crew. It's gold and a note from the daughter apologizing. She's going with her father, since he's the only family she has. Maybe she can reform him. She warns against following them. Just let them go. Gareth is more than willing to let them go, but he has a bad feeling they'll turn up again when they least expect it.

+++ Swords and Plowshares

Settlers on Freehold are under attack by pirates and raiders. The settlers are comprised of veterans of the Second War who have put their differences aside (and their weapons) to build a new life. The attacks threaten to re-ignite long-dormant animosities between the settlers.

+++ Underground

The Damsel is stuck underground and the crew have to navigate through a labyrinth to get out. Several times, Gareth has to fight to keep from abandoning the ship and just leaving on foot.
