++ Phalanx

+++ Summary


Classified somewhere between an alien and a demon, the Phalanx represent a hoard of fell creatures that have entered our dimension through tears created by mankind's attempts to create FTL engines and other tech.

+++ History

As humanity extended its influence throughout the Solar System, It became clear that soon we would need to leave our home system and explore other star systems. Various ideas were put forth to create Faster Than Light (FTL) propulsion. Dr. Pierre Jardin came the closest with the Pandora Drive. This drive, nicknamed the Pan-Drive, ripped a hole in the fabric of space that a ship could pass through and travel immense distances in a blink. The power requirements were massive, but the benefit seemed to be astounding.

The test ship, Pandora One, used the drive to jump from Venus orbit to just outside of Pluto. The ship, while unmanned, managed to survey the outermost planet and then was set to return home on conventional power (it's Pan-Drive fuel expended). The test subjects (chimps, dogs, insects, etc) were all fine. Mission control decided to euthanize the test subjects, rather than let them die of old age in captivity. Life support was shut down and the ship went into dormancy for the five-year-long trip home.

Meanwhile, ambitious politicians plotted to build a refuel station in orbit of Pluto-Charon system. From that point, farther out in the Sun's gravity well, longer jumps (possibly extra-solar) could be possible. 

Pandora Two is built and sent out unmanned, but loaded with fuel and supplies. It sits and waits for Pandora Three, a colony/science ship loaded with over three-hundred scientists and colonists.

Pandora Three makes the jump and all is well for a time, while they check systems and resupply/refuel. Then Pandora Three goes dark. Pandora Two (remotely operated) tries to connect with her sister ship, only to go dark shortly afterward. All that's sent back is wild noise and indications that Pandora Two's life support is still running.

With no rescue ship available, they must wait for Pandora One to return home. Somewhere outside of Martian orbit, a ship meets up with Pandora One and finds that her supposedly dead "passengers" are alive and thriving. The dogs and chimps have gone wild and mutated into massive beasts. The docking ship loses contact with mission control and the Pandora One continues toward Earth, using the rescue ship's drive to accelerate.

Things go from bad to worse as the Pandora One makes a crash landing in the Indian Ocean. Additionally, sensors show her Pan-Drive running at low-level instead of being powered off. She's hastily towed to mainland India and opened up, desperate to get her core powered down, lest it attempt even the smallest jump (which could displace a large chunk of atmosphere and crust).

It's then that the full horror of what's inside Pandora One is understood. Something has come through to our dimension via the jump drive and is possessing living creatures to turn them into something horrific and violent.

It doesn't take long to overrun Indian and Southeast Asia. At this point, the name "The Phalanx"  becomes attached to the new race, attributed to a NATO general who expresses his frustration at not being able to penetrate their lines.

More and more creatures pour out of the downed Pandora One. With only mammals susceptible to possession, the spread slows at the edges of the Eurasian landmass. Africa falls as well. As countries fall, they launch colony ships into space. Each ship is quarantined for a month until it's clear there's no Phalanx. This seems to work, with a few exceptions. Some remote outposts report Phalanx outbreaks, but they are more easily contained (via space).

Soon, aquatic mammals fall and the phalanx spread to North and South America. Finally, Antarctica falls.

+++ Physiology

Little is know about Phalanx physiology, other than they appear to be formless apparitions in their natural state that can bind their consciousness to any mammalian creature. Despite being referred to as demons, they do not seem to possess any qualms about holy sites, relics, or symbols.

+++ Types


+++ Philosophy


