++ Plots

+++ Rescue Gone Bad

Introductory story.

++++ Act I

+++++ Chapter One

Open with Marci and her mother frantically trying to escape a Phalanx outbreak on Franklin Station on Mars. They manage to elude a few (don't give a lot of detail about what they look like). Her father comes in to save them, having them go into a safe room, located below the command center. As they hear him send a distress signal, he's cut off and as the hatch to safe room begins to close, his head drops down into the room with them.

+++++ Chapter Two

Aboard the Agamemnon, the bridge crew responds to the distress signal, unable to get any further details, they deploy a drop ship with a mech team. Bekker has been newly promoted to her post and she's extremely nervous about ever decision.

+++++ Chapter Three

Scramble the mech team, Nisha Kumar is arguing with her CO, yet again, that she's ready for fighter pilot detail, but he won't hear it. She's ordered onto her shuttle and begins loading her crew and the mech team, including a nervous looking newbie. Kumar knows most of the veterans on the team, especially the team leader.

+++++ Chapter Four

Cut to Bora Sheehan getting conflicting orders from Wei and the Chief Engineer. Finally, the Chief gives up and tells Bora and her partner that they're on their own with Wei to repair/upgrade one of the Agamemnon's large ship-to-ship cannons. Wei is brilliant, but clearly not 100% in the here and now. Bora has to take the usual ribbing about looking like Wei, even though she's of Korean/Irish descent and her family have lived in the Alliance for generations, whereas Wei's parents defected from the Chinese Federation just before he was born.

+++++ Chapter Five

Michael is about to hurl in his recently refurbished mech as they descend into the martian atmosphere. We meet the team, but also find out that his mech is cobbled together from a variety of other, beaten up mechs. It counts as "new" and thus has no nickname yet. So it's just Mech Charlie 6 for now. The landing is complicated by the stations automatic defenses coming online and taking shots at the shuttle. Kumar has to do an aerial drop of the team and then run interference until fighters can arrive to take the cannons.

+++++ Chapter Six

Back to Bekker where she picks up contacts on her scope. The Sino-Russians have arrived, also wanting to investigate the distress call. There's a brief exchange of words, but they have no interest in playing nice. The station is being abandoned and they are laying claim to it. Bekker scrambles to get the ship's cannons online, but one is failing to respond, the one being worked on by Sheehan.

+++++ Chapter Seven

Sheehan and Ramirez struggle to get the cannon they have now thoroughly ripped open back into working order. Things are "complicated" when the door is blasted open and the atmosphere begins venting out into space. Ramirez is sucked out, but she manages to get back inside just long enough to hear orders to get back out there and fix the cannon and get the door opened.

+++++ Chapter Eight

Michael and company are dropped, unceremoniously out of the shuttle and hit the martian surface. They take cover to avoid the station's cannons as the shuttle streaks off. Things go from bad to worse when they realize why the station's defenses are on alert, there are Phalanx scattered around the base. The team engages in close-quarters fighting while trying to avoid/use the stations defenses.

+++++ Chapter Nine

Inside the station, Marci and her mother fight the Phalanx that are starting to burrow through the safe room's defenses.

+++++ Chapter Ten

Sheehan listening to orders and attempting to manage the attack while the Agamemnon maneuvers herself into a defensive position over the station.

+++ Murder on X Station

On a check-in, the Svarog discovers that several murders have taken place aboard an orbital station. The residents are panicked, thinking the Phalanx arrive. But the crew of the Svarog come to find something far worse.

+++ Breaking Orbit

The Phalanx have figured out how to pilot space craft and are making test flights with cobbled together space craft. A half-repaired Svarog must face off against an ugly-looking Phalanx cruiser.

The new repairs to the Svarog mean they destroy the enemy ship, but the news of their new technology does not leave anyone happy.

+++ New Ally

Wei creates a new AI-embedded drone that goes berserk when activated. It turns out a Phalanx is aboard and the new tech will stop at nothing to destroy it, including taking over Scar. When the engines are damaged, the Svarog is forced to put down on a moon and, with Michael trapped inside an unresponsive Scar, chase him and the Phalanx down.

Michael and Scar come to an agreement and they work together, allowing them to defeat the Phalanx and return to the ship. Scar's "personality" is now permanently wired in, but Wei gives Michael a memory card that he can jam into the computer to "kill" Scar, if he should ever need to.

+++ Ill Bred

The Phalanx have evolved into breeding their own offspring and no longer need other organic life to support them. These new creatures are foul, violent, and tough. In the end, the crew is saved because they are also short lived and require a lot of food to survive. They got off this time, but next time?

+++ Iron and Blood

Michael re-unites with his old squad to help break in the new AI-powered mechs. Scar acts as a sort of mentor to the rest as they learn to work with humans. The first mission is a mess, but in the end, both human and AI work together to win the day.

+++ The Deepest Cut

The newly minted AI mech team, while on a rescue mission to a research station, suddenly turns on the people they were meant to rescue. Michael and his team have to head in and stop the mechs they've trained and trusted. It turns out the AIs have discovered the origin of the Phalanx. They are not an alien race but a genetically engineered bio-weapon created by human. The AIs realize that both the Phalanx and Humanity are the scourge of the Solar System and both should be wiped out in favor of artificial life.